# Chapter 3.3: Customization time

## Stronger Squirrel

Instead of just giving a single boring squirrel let make a stronger one by changing it's attack and health.

```gdscript
extends SigilEffect

func handle_event(event: String, params: Array):
	if event == "card_summoned" and params[0] == card and isFriendly:
		var card_to_draw = CardInfo.from_name("Squirrel") # get the card

		# change stat
		card_to_draw.attack += 2
		card_to_draw.healt += 2

		fightManager.draw_card(card_to_draw) # draw it
```

First we revert back to having the `card_to_draw` variable this is to save the card data so we can modify it. The next 2 lines may look similar to method call but they are property access instead.

### Dictionary

Dictionary is another data type just like `Array` and `String`. Dictionary like the name imply is like a normal dictionary which have a word and a definition, in programming a dictionary is usually a list of key and value pair, the key is use to get the value just like how the word is use to find it definition in a normal dictionary. You can create a dictionary like so:

```gdscript
{
	"key1": "value1",
	"key2": "value2"
}
```

Key are are any other valid data type including variable like `int`, `float`, `String`, etc. And a value is also any valid data type. To make a new key you put the key then a `:` follow by the value, each key pair is separated by a `,`. Key must be unique that is they can not be in the same dictionary twice. To access a value in a dictionary using key we can use property access.

Property access look like method call because to some degree method call are property access. Like method call you can use dot notation which is `dict.key` to get any value back. There are alternative like `dict[key]` which also work, you would use this second method of accessing when your key is not a string like a `int`, `float`, etc.

```gdscript
var dict = {
	"hello": 1
	"world": 2
}

print(dict.hello) # 1
print(dict["hello"]) # 1
```

You can also assign value using property access follow from the previous example:

```
dict.hello = 10

print(dict.hello) # 10
```

---

Back to our sigil we are accessing the `attack` property of the card then using a new symbol `+=` to increase it. `+=` is a augmented assignment they they can be form using any binary operator and a `=`. Augmented assignment are shortcut way to write the following `x = x + 1` can be reduce to `x += 1` is similarly all the following are equivalent:

```gdscript
x *= 2 # x = x * 2
x **= 10 # x = x ** 10
x /= 3 # x= x / 3
```

However you cannot do `x &&= 10` or any other logical operator.

We are using this augmented assignment to increase the attack by `2`, `card_to_draw.attack += 2` is like writing `card_to_draw.attack += card_to_draw.attack + 2` but that is long so we will use the shortcut to write them. The next line follow a similar logic changing the card `health` instead of `attack`. You may have notice that these field are similar to the card data that go into the ruleset card in fact they are the same value, so any field you expect to exist on a card will also exist on the card data that `CardInfo.from_name` return.
